Helm: unify NGINX and gateway values sections (#3181)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

### List

* GEM gateway: remove port 8080 on the Service resource. Deprecated in 3.1.0 and will be removed in 6.0.0.
  * __How to migrate__: replace usages of port 8080 with port 80; these usages can be in dashboards, Prometheus remote-write configurations, or automation for updating rules.

> * GEM gateway and NGINX: configuration via `nginx` and `gateway` top-level values section is being replaced by the `proxy` section. Deprecated in 4.0.0 and will be removed in 7.0.0

Reviewer: Needs rewrite, there is no proxy section

### List

> * GEM gateway: remove port 8080 on the Service resource. Deprecated in 3.1.0 and will be removed in 6.0.0.

Author: ```suggestion
* GEM gateway: remove port 8080 on the Service resource. Deprecated in `3.1.0` and will be removed in `6.0.0`.
```

  * __How to migrate__: replace usages of port 8080 with port 80; these usages can be in dashboards, Prometheus remote-write configurations, or automation for updating rules.
* NGINX configuration via `nginx` top-level values sections is being merged with by the `gateway` section. The

>   `nginx` section is deprecated in 4.0.0 and will be removed in 7.0.0.

Author: ```suggestion
  `nginx` section is deprecated in `4.0.0` and will be removed in `7.0.0`.
```

## main / unreleased

> * [FEATURE] Add `proxy` section that will soon replace `nginx` and `gateway`. For a migration guide refer to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Add `proxy` section that will soon replace `nginx` and `gateway`. See  
```

Author: how about?
```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Add `proxy` section that will replace `nginx` and `gateway` in 7.0.0. See  
```

## main / unreleased

> * [FEATURE] Support deploying NGINX via the `gateway` section. The `nginx` section will be removed in 7.0.0. See

Author: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Support deploying NGINX via the `gateway` section. The `nginx` section will be removed in `7.0.0`. See
```

* [BUGFIX] Move the activity tracker log from /data to /active-query-tracker to remove ignore log messages. #3169
* [BUGFIX] Fix Invalid ingress nginx config due to newline in prometheusHttpPrefix Helm named templates. #3088

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
